## Conclusions

Our shiny application is an interactive map that allows users to select a range of home prices and see the location of homes in that area. This data will allow users to not only see Airbnbs in Seattle but also crime rate in that area as well. Future implications of this project can be looking at Airbnb and crime rates in other parts of the country, not just Seattle. Another update we would like to make to this project is to move from datasets to APIs so that we can have live data and our page can stay up to date.

Our first research question focused on finding out what crimes are most prevalent in Seattle. Through our analysis, we came to the conclusion that burglary, robbery, and homicide are the three most common crimes in the Seattle region. There were burglaries all over Seattle but middle and south is where the most homicides were. Robberies were all over the surrounding areas. With this information, users will be able to make a more educated decision about where to get an Airbnb. Users can decide if they'd rather live in a region with high burglary rates or high homicide rates.  

Our second research question focuses on whether or not there was less crime activity in locations with more Airbnb houses on the market. We found that in general, Capitol Hill and downtown Seattle had the most Airbnb houses on the market. The crime rates in those areas are not as low as neighborhoods like Tukwila and Lake Forest Park. This could be because tourists are the main Airbnb users and they are less interested in the crime rates and more interested in going to the more popular parts of Seattle, like downtown and Capitol Hill.  
The main lesson learned from this project is that there is lots of data around us. It is our job to find this data and give meaning to it.  

There are many positive and negative implications to highlighting crime in Seattle. While this can help Airbnb users make an informed decision, areas with high crime rates could be significantly impacted as there are many negative associations with crime. Though not directly, this could influence the people living there and the status of the neighborhood as a whole.

A note about our project. GitHub would not allow us to upload our CSV files for our datasets because they are over 300 MB. We have provided the links. You must 'click' on the link and download the CSV file before running our shiny application. 
